0.  BMP-16M,GIF-256,PNG-256T,JPEG-16M
1.  GIF
2.  lossless compression allows to recover all the origninal information when a file is uncompressed, while lossy compression permanently
removes some data during the compression, making some original data impossble to recover  
3.  JPEG and GIF
4.  When a file or directory is deleted under a FAT filesystem, the first character of its name is changed to sigma. The remainder of the directory entry information remains intact.
5. to fill an entire disk with ASCII NUL bytes
6. The stdint.h header declares sets of integer types having specified widths, and shall define corresponding sets of macros.
7.  They make clear that you intend to use the data a specific way.
8.  BYTE is 1 byte
	DWORD is 4 bytes
	LONG is 4 bytes
	WORD is 2 bytes
9.  The first two bytes of a BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType, which specifies the file type. It must be
 	set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap.
10. bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
	biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.
11. If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the lower left corner.
	
	If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the upper left corner.
12. The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of
	bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.

13. fopen will return NULL if it cannot create the outfile to write to
14. I think it is because the program is reading in 1 RGB triple at a time.
15. biWidth is the width of the bitmap in pixels. If the width is 3, padding is necessary since
	the scanline must be a multiple of 4.
	3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.
16. Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel
17. This is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek or fseeko function,
	specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position
18. hard to say, but I guess it is the member of the staff. He is smiling and holding something that resembles a cat 
